Alright. In this video, we wanna set up
our CategoryService and this is gonna
be a service that's gonna work with the
repositories to convert our categories
from a Category domain object to our DTO
object. And we're gonna utilize the MapStruct
converter that we set up or
Mapper, I should say in the previous
videos. Now, what I've done here is I've
created the Interface CategoryService.
We're gonna have two methods here that
we're gonna utilize inside of our
controller. One we want getAllCategories and then we want to
getCategoryByName. So just as a refresh
here, what we're gonna be implementing is
the categories. So we wanna be able to
get all categories, a list of them, and
then also, we wanna be able to get them
by the id value. And in this case, the id
value there, they're running it by the
String value so by the name value. So
we'll show you how to set that up. We've
got a couple interesting things that we
need to do to support that look. So we're
trying to create this API just like this
one here for the example. So let's
come back over here to IntelliJ, and I've
created a test so you can see this. We
got a couple things that we're gonna
have to do. We don't have an
implementation of the CategoryService
yet. So let's come back over here and
can I do that implement interface. And
just going through IntelliJ, so that's
giving us this. Now... so we're gonna use
that Mapper and command + N, and let's create a
constructor. Say Ok. So I'll set that up
and I'd like to make these final so that
property cannot change. And now, what we
need to do is change that in our test.
And we can implement it just like that.
So that will set up our Mapper.
Now, we also need a findByName here. And I
think I can do this right inside of
IntelliJ. We're gonna s
ay create that
method. Now we can see that, that does
return that, and we actually want it to
return back a Category. So now, that it's
happy, that's created that. In this here,
I don't think we covered it in Spring
Data JPA. But we can do Finders like
this. So we're going to do a findByName,
and actually, let's make this a little
more friendly. So that makes it the
intention of that a little more clear. So
now that is working and let's go ahead
and I think our tests will actually run
now. They should both fail because we
haven't done any implementations there.
So again, I'm showing you tester and
development. So we're getting a null
pointer there. Kind of makes sense. I know
what it did wrong. We need to also have.
So that was my mistake there. So we wanna wire both of those in. Know that I'll
be happy. Our test should not toss an NPE
but they should fail on exceptions. Null
pointer again, and really should be
getting a null pointer there. So let's
take a look at this by name. He's blown
up right there. So let's take a closer
look at this. I'm gonna run this inside
the debugger. Take a closer look, see what
I have wrong. And the categoryRepository
is null.
So it's not gonna set up. There's my
mistake. Should not have done that. One knocks
on this object. Let's do a refresh there.
Rerun it.
Now, we can see that I do have a mock
injected for the categoryRepository and
finish this. And now, we're getting a
NullPointerException, as we expect it so.
But that's on the object, the DTO
object coming back. So that is a good
test failure. So let's go ahead and
implement these. So here, we're gonna get
a list. So let's do this with Java 8
streams. So let's do the
categoryRepository, findAll. Stream it. We're gonna
use the map function and what we can do
is take the categoryMapper. Now we wanna do a collectToList, so that's a nice
clean way to implement that, and then,
let's also implement this guy here,
categoryMapper CategoryDTO, so that
should implement that closed down the
debug window here. Go back to the test
run and see if our tests are passing now.
So now, we have two tests that are in the
green and our service layer has been
implemented. And in the next video, we'll
set up the controller to consume the
service and finally get to the point
where we're returning data to our REST
API for those functions.